# openapi_client

OpenapiClient - the Ruby gem for the MDES for Merchants

The MDES APIs are designed as RPC style stateless web services where each API endpoint represents an operation to be performed.  All request and response payloads are sent in the JSON (JavaScript Object Notation) data-interchange format. Each endpoint in the API specifies the HTTP Method used to access it. All strings in request and response objects are to be UTF-8 encoded.  Each API URI includes the major and minor version of API that it conforms to.  This will allow multiple concurrent versions of the API to be deployed simultaneously.
<br>
__Authentication__
Mastercard uses OAuth 1.0a with body hash extension for authenticating the API clients. This requires every request that you send to 
Mastercard to be signed with an RSA private key. A private-public RSA key pair must be generated consisting of: <br>
1 . A private key for the OAuth signature for API requests. It is recommended to keep the private key in a password-protected or hardware keystore.
<br>
2. A public key is shared with Mastercard during the project setup process through either a certificate signing request (CSR) or the API Key Generator. Mastercard will use the public key to verify the OAuth signature that is provided on every API call.<br>

An OAUTH1.0a signer library is available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Mastercard/oauth1-signer-java)
<br> 
__Encryption__<br>

All communications between Issuer web service and the Mastercard gateway is encrypted using TLS.
<br>
__Additional Encryption of Sensitive Data__
In addition to the OAuth authentication, when using MDES Digital Enablement Service, any PCI sensitive and all account holder Personally Identifiable Information (PII) data must be encrypted. This requirement applies to the API fields containing encryptedData. Sensitive data is encrypted using a symmetric session (one-time-use) key. The symmetric session key is then wrapped with an RSA Public Key supplied by Mastercard during API setup phase (the Customer Encryption Key). <br>

Java Client Encryption Library available on [GitHub](https://github.com/Mastercard/client-encryption-java)


This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.2.9
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.RubyClientCodegen

## Installation

### Build a gem

To build the Ruby code into a gem:

```shell
gem build openapi_client.gemspec
```

Then either install the gem locally:

```shell
gem install ./openapi_client-1.0.0.gem
```

(for development, run `gem install --dev ./openapi_client-1.0.0.gem` to install the development dependencies)

or publish the gem to a gem hosting service, e.g. [RubyGems](https://rubygems.org/).

Finally add this to the Gemfile:

    gem 'openapi_client', '~> 1.0.0'

### Install from Git

If the Ruby gem is hosted at a git repository: https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID, then add the following in the Gemfile:

    gem 'openapi_client', :git => 'https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git'

### Include the Ruby code directly

Include the Ruby code directly using `-I` as follows:

```shell
ruby -Ilib script.rb
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) procedure and then run the following code:

```ruby
# Load the gem
require 'openapi_client'

api_instance = OpenapiClient::DeleteApi.new
opts = {
  delete_request_schema: OpenapiClient::DeleteRequestSchema.new # DeleteRequestSchema | Contains the details of the request message. 
}

begin
  #Used to delete one or more Tokens. The API is limited to 10 Tokens per request.
  result = api_instance.delete_digitization(opts)
  p result
rescue OpenapiClient::ApiError => e
  puts "Exception when calling DeleteApi->delete_digitization: #{e}"
end

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com/mdes*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*OpenapiClient::DeleteApi* | [**delete_digitization**](docs/DeleteApi.md#delete_digitization) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/delete | Used to delete one or more Tokens. The API is limited to 10 Tokens per request.
*OpenapiClient::GetAssetApi* | [**get_asset**](docs/GetAssetApi.md#get_asset) | **GET** /assets/static/1/0/asset/{AssetId} | Used to retrieve static Assets from the MDES repository.
*OpenapiClient::GetDigitalAssetsApi* | [**get_digital_assets**](docs/GetDigitalAssetsApi.md#get_digital_assets) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/getDigitalAssets | Used to retrieve digital assets derived from a funding PAN.
*OpenapiClient::GetTaskStatusApi* | [**get_task_status**](docs/GetTaskStatusApi.md#get_task_status) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/getTaskStatus | Used to check the status of any asynchronous task that was previously requested.
*OpenapiClient::GetTokenApi* | [**get_token**](docs/GetTokenApi.md#get_token) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/getToken | Used to get the status and details of a single given Token.
*OpenapiClient::NotifyTokenUpdatedApi* | [**notify_token_update__for_token_state_change**](docs/NotifyTokenUpdatedApi.md#notify_token_update__for_token_state_change) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/notifyTokenUpdated | Outbound API used by MDES to notify the Token Requestor of significant Token updates, such as when the Token is activated, suspended, unsuspended or deleted; or when information about the Token or its product configuration has changed.
*OpenapiClient::SearchTokensApi* | [**search_tokens**](docs/SearchTokensApi.md#search_tokens) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/searchTokens | Used to get basic token information for all tokens on a specified device, or all tokens mapped to the given Account PAN.
*OpenapiClient::SuspendApi* | [**create_suspend**](docs/SuspendApi.md#create_suspend) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/suspend | Used to temporarily suspend one or more Tokens.
*OpenapiClient::TokenizeApi* | [**create_tokenize**](docs/TokenizeApi.md#create_tokenize) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/tokenize | Used to digitize a card to create a server-based Token.
*OpenapiClient::TransactApi* | [**create_transact**](docs/TransactApi.md#create_transact) | **POST** /remotetransaction/static/1/0/transact | Used by the Token Requestor to create a Digital Secure Remote Payment (\"DSRP\") transaction cryptogram using the credentials stored within MDES in order to perform a DSRP transaction.
*OpenapiClient::UnsuspendApi* | [**create_unsuspend**](docs/UnsuspendApi.md#create_unsuspend) | **POST** /digitization/static/1/0/unsuspend | Used to unsuspend one or more previously suspended Tokens. The API is limited to 10 Tokens per request.


## Documentation for Models

 - [OpenapiClient::AccountHolderData](docs/AccountHolderData.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::AccountHolderDataOutbound](docs/AccountHolderDataOutbound.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::AssetResponseSchema](docs/AssetResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::AuthenticationMethods](docs/AuthenticationMethods.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::BillingAddress](docs/BillingAddress.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::CardAccountDataInbound](docs/CardAccountDataInbound.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::CardAccountDataOutbound](docs/CardAccountDataOutbound.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::DecisioningData](docs/DecisioningData.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::DeleteRequestSchema](docs/DeleteRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::DeleteResponseSchema](docs/DeleteResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::EncryptedPayload](docs/EncryptedPayload.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::EncryptedPayloadTransact](docs/EncryptedPayloadTransact.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::ErrorsResponse](docs/ErrorsResponse.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::FundingAccountData](docs/FundingAccountData.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::FundingAccountInfo](docs/FundingAccountInfo.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::FundingAccountInfoEncryptedPayload](docs/FundingAccountInfoEncryptedPayload.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetDigitalAssetsEncryptedData](docs/GetDigitalAssetsEncryptedData.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetDigitalAssetsRequestSchema](docs/GetDigitalAssetsRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetDigitalAssetsRequestSchemaEncryptedPayload](docs/GetDigitalAssetsRequestSchemaEncryptedPayload.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetDigitalAssetsResponseSchema](docs/GetDigitalAssetsResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetTaskStatusRequestSchema](docs/GetTaskStatusRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetTaskStatusResponseSchema](docs/GetTaskStatusResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetTokenRequestSchema](docs/GetTokenRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::GetTokenResponseSchema](docs/GetTokenResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::MediaContent](docs/MediaContent.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::NotifyTokenEncryptedPayload](docs/NotifyTokenEncryptedPayload.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::NotifyTokenUpdatedRequestSchema](docs/NotifyTokenUpdatedRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::NotifyTokenUpdatedResponseSchema](docs/NotifyTokenUpdatedResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::PhoneNumber](docs/PhoneNumber.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::ProductConfig](docs/ProductConfig.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::SearchTokensRequestSchema](docs/SearchTokensRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::SearchTokensResponseSchema](docs/SearchTokensResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::SuspendRequestSchema](docs/SuspendRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::SuspendResponseSchema](docs/SuspendResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::Token](docs/Token.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenDetail](docs/TokenDetail.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenDetailData](docs/TokenDetailData.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenDetailDataPAROnly](docs/TokenDetailDataPAROnly.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenDetailDataTCCOnly](docs/TokenDetailDataTCCOnly.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenDetailPAROnly](docs/TokenDetailPAROnly.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenForLCM](docs/TokenForLCM.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenInfo](docs/TokenInfo.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenizeRequestSchema](docs/TokenizeRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TokenizeResponseSchema](docs/TokenizeResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TransactEncryptedData](docs/TransactEncryptedData.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TransactError](docs/TransactError.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TransactRequestSchema](docs/TransactRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::TransactResponseSchema](docs/TransactResponseSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::UnSuspendRequestSchema](docs/UnSuspendRequestSchema.md)
 - [OpenapiClient::UnSuspendResponseSchema](docs/UnSuspendResponseSchema.md)


## Documentation for Authorization

 All endpoints do not require authorization.

